Demons are the creatures produced by the Abyss, the parasitic plane of the lineament Infinity, the Unfathomable, the Perpetuant. As with other planes in the Foam group, the Abyss is formed of a macroscopic "Primary Beings" that sit within the planar matter. These primary beings produce secondary beings to act as the external forces of the plane. For the Abyss, the difference between the primary beings and secondary beings is slim. When the Abyssal matter, the Infinite Fear, injuncts upon another plane, it feeds on the fears and nightmares of the injuncted plane's secondary being to form new primary beings, Abyssal Realms. The new Abyssal Realms form via an injunction with the consciousness of a secondary being, and this is how an Abyssal Realm injunction always manifests. Abyssal Realms, like Nousants or other primary beings, devour spacetime to incubate secondary beings. Unlike other planes, Realms incubate only a single secondary being--a single demon--that is inseparable in many ways to its Realm. Demons are like Lineaments to their Realms: they are the sentience of their Realm made manifest. They are like the mobile conciousness within the mind of their Realm--they can't exercise compelte control over their Realm, and they're not all knowing, but they can generally shift and control things on the Realm-scale. What does their Realm look like? How does their Realm injunct on its neighbors? Etc. If a demon is killed while within its Realm, it is killed permanently and its soul is drawn into the afterlife, which most demons believe to lie within the Infinite Fear. Demons can be revived like any other mortal, and their souls function in much the same way as any other soul.

So, demons are each incubated by a unique Abyssal Realm which is in injunction with both the Abyss itself and the mind of the mortal host. This allows the demon to act as a psychological horror for the first part of its life, tormenting and eventually killing its host without ever setting foot on the same plane of existence. This is what makes demons so truly horrifying and effective parasites. After the demon kills its host from within their own mind, its Abyssal Realm is made fully manifest within the Abyss (the incubation period ceases) and the demon is free to roam. This begins its true life in the Abyss. This life cycle--being born within the mind of a host, living in the Abyss, then eventually dying and returning to the Infinite Fear, is essentially conceived of as "opposite" to the salvation promised by Christianity: demons are born in Heaven, live a mortal life, and are sentenced to eternal Hell upon their death.

A demon's life in the Abyss is a constant struggle. Demons are beings of manifested fear and sin--they don't really have a conception of other demons as truly independent things. When they are born most have no real empathy, but 

Demons have a slight inherent understanding of the Planescape due to their tie to their Realm. It's not much--they don't have control over how their Realm moves through the Planescape and what it injuncts with, that is the role of Infinitey and the Infinite Fear. So, when Fraz split the Abyss into two Pillars, he had no conception of what this truly did on a planar scale--he simply wanted to separate his Realm and vassals from other parts of the Abyss.
