Zagyg may have once been a tall, imposing figure but is now a hunched, venerable pale-skinned elf getting along in years--maybe around 700-800, though he looks far worse for wear. He generally wears the bulky vermilion robes of a Sashist which covers his frail form. His head is bald, his face gaunt. His eyes are always covered by a strip of red linen, common of an orthodox Sashist. In the center of his forehead the eye of the Sashas is tattooed in black ink, and an *arcane eye* floats around his head. His teeth are mostly rotted out, and his gums are stained blue-black through his consumption of a mysterious Tanorian tonic. His hands shake and shiver, constantly fingering the binding of the thick tome padlocked with thick black metal and hung around his bent neck by a chain. This is his portion of the Demonomicon.

The Warlock is eccentric, absent minded, paranoid, and often hallucinates. He can generally be compared to the Mad Hatter in his mannerisms, primarily due to his regular consumption of the Tanorian mercuric tonic. He is known by his colleagues as being humorous, easygoing, and completely unpredictable.

Centuries before the setting of the campaign, Zagyg and his partner, apprentice, and lover Tasha captured the demon lord Fraz-Urb'luu inside the Tower basement, possibly with the aid of other demon lords. Through a combination of permanent / upkept magic circles, force cages, and a horde of shades and wraiths feeding on him to keep him weak, Fraz-Urb'luu remains imprisoned. Tasha and Zagyg studied Fraz, together writing the Demonomicon and exporting Fraz for powerful magic.
-This manifests in both Zagyg and Tasha having extra-class abilities ala a warlock pact in addition to their normal classes. They also acquired his Staff, though all others assume it to be destroyed.