Levistus, Lord of the Fifth layer of Hell, Stygia. Stygia is a frozen oceanic wasteland, corrupted into that reality by Asmodeus.

Levistus is an incredibly ancient being, an eminently powerful member of the shapeshifter race that preceded the genies and genasi. These people are often bound to objects, are prone to capture thusly, and the most powerful of these beings had the power to grant wishes (the Zodar?). The most primordial of the ancestors of this race, the genie, are highly sought after for their innate magical power. Levistus lived after the fall of his home plane, part of which would become Avernus. Levistus lived on a shard of this plane, a great jungle, after the greater plane was destroyed by the Devils of Khalas and parts were absorbed into Gahenna. Levistus lived during a time of great paranoia, when his shard was devoured by the Abyss and the first Rakshasas were created from his people's nightmares. Levistus himself is a being of immense power,...

Levistus escaped the ruin of his plane (?) as it was devoured by the Abyss (or made some deal with Fraz? Possibly despises Fraz, who was created from the nightmares of his family/love?). He took rulership of another realm, Stygia, but his ambition led him into conflict with Asmodeus who claimed Stygia as part of the alliance of the Hells. Though Levistus is primordial and immensely powerful, he was bested when Asmodeus learned of Levistus's weakness to imprisonment through Fraz, a nightmare demon who knew all things about Levistus's race. Fraz used this maneuver to place Asmodeus in the seat of the Hell's power and gain himself a valuable ally. This leads to Levistus's burning hatred of Fraz.

Asmodeus imprisoned Levistus in ice and cursed his entire plane of Stygia into an icy ocean waste. Since his imprisonment, Levistus has been scheming for his freedom and plotting against Fraz.

Like the Rakshasas that were borne from the nightmares of his race, he is a being of grace, ambition, glory, wealth, paranoia, and the pursuit of the greatest pleasures that life has to offer. The collective fear of his race was a race of beings even more vile, ambitious, and scheming than they were.

Levistus generally wants Maximo to go against Fraz, who he believes it still out there and trying to get revenge on Orcus. Levistus, then wants Maximo to be wary of those around him, and to not trust blindly 
